# Material Calendar
Please read this **before** usage!
This material calendar is just beginning. As in the angular material components, a beautiful calendar is to be generated by simple integration. Cooperation is welcome.

> Warning: all version before 3.0.0 are deprecated, please update to any version higher than 3.0.0!

### Working demo
[demo github project](https://github.com/eksrvb/material-calendar-demo)

If you want to give me feedback and don't want to open an issue on github, please fill out the [form](https://forms.gle/W9TygXf65Yru3VHi7)

### Documentation

[See the manual](https://eksrvb.github.io/material-calendar/) for setup, usage instructions and a lot more. (the documentation is still rising)


## Features

- generate a nice calendar in material design
- get a date back with the annotation "clickDate" (see example)
- insert your own calendar data and render the new template
- multiselect days optional (returns the daily span)
more in the docs... ;)

## Getting help

If you have questions, concerns, bug reports, etc, please file an issue in this repository's Issue Tracker.

## Code scaffolding

For code scaffolding, the project can be checked out from the public repository and pull requests can be made.

## Build


Run `ng build material-calendar` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build material-calendar`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/material-calendar` and run `npm publish`.

  

## Running unit tests

  

Run `ng test material-calendar` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

  

## Further help
For feature requests or problems, please open a ticket in the issue tracker.
